---
layout: default
twoImages: F
img: rock.jpg
category: Services
title: Location and schedule
description: |
---


All things marriage will be taking place at **[The Avalon Hotel, Palm springs](http://www.avalon-hotel.com/palm-springs)** It's a beautiful classic palm springs location, with ample pools, unique rooms, a great bar and most importantly, us!  A block of rooms has been reserved,  use the above link for the best rate.  

But wait there's more, we love options, and so might you! We also have a block of rooms available down the street at the brand new, and impressive **[Kimpton Rowan](http://www.rowanpalmsprings.com/)** it's the tallest building in downtown palm springs, and a really cool property.  


## The schedule will go a little something like this:  
### Friday, September 14, 2018 9:00 PM:  We'll be at the bar!
We invite all of our guests with the inclination to join us for a beverage at [Window Bar](http://www.rowanpalmsprings.com/palm-springs-restaurants/lobby-bar/?sitelinks=EatDrink&mrkgcl=1147&mrkgadid=3214004115&rkg_id=h-ccdf429909c077c95fbd5b3252adf89c_t-1525143709&utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=RLSA_Brand-Hotel%2520Name_EXT&utm_term=rowan%2520palm%2520springs_103890524-VQ6-233336908229-VQ15-1t1-VQ16-c&adpos=1t1&creative=233336908229&device=c&matchtype=e&network=g) located in the lobby of the Kimpton Rowan.  This is about a ten minute walk from The Avalon, we will have a $15 Lyft code available for our guests to use at their leisure.

### Saturday, September 15, 2018 9ish to however long it takes you to get ready:
You're an adult, and palm springs is rad, I have no doubt you can find something fun to do.  Pools abound, you're steps away from downtown.  Hang out, make new friends, take in the scenery! Just be sure you are at The Avalon by

### Saturday, September 15, 2018 5:00 PM: Marriage!
We will be getting married at 5, The sun should have just crept below the top of the mountain at that time, and Alex's long time friend, a fellow infamous bird rock babe, will perform her duty as clergy, and lead the service.

### Saturday, September 15, 2018 5:30 PM:
Kyle's new father in law Bruce Beach has generously promised to seal the deal with a dowery consisting of 37 goats, 6 chickens, two hamsters and one 9 year old, three legged rhodesian ridgeback named Captain Pablo Gustav (he's a good boy).  These will be presented at this time, thus freaking out the entire rest of the hotel...  Not really..  Maybe...

### Saturday, September 15, 2018 5:35 PM:
Cocktails will be served around the pool. You are invited to mingle and enjoy each other's company.  We're gonna take a minute to reflect on what just happened.

### Saturday, September 15, 2018 6:00 PM:
We couldn't stay away for too long.  We decide it's time to join you around the pool to celebrate the step we just took with our most favorite individuals.  



There's gonna be more too, don't you worry.
